Tired of "save as" for each image on browser?

A simple free Utility app that pastes clipboard image to paint 
and then saves it as png to your desired location.

How it works?
Make shortcut for beautification and quick easy trigger using shortcut key.
Edit Location.txt to add address location of place where you want to store image.
Simply Copy an image and Start Paste2Save.bat or preferably Paste2Save.bat 
It will open x.png and use savepaster.vbs to paste your clipboard to paint.
Then contents of location.txt are copied.
From There savepaster.vbs will be triggered and it uses address location to save
image pasted in paint to address location copied.
You can repeat the process without inputting location every time
and image will be overwritten.
You can eliminate few lines of code by including address directly in the bat-file

Can we change .png format?
If you rename x.png to any desired filename/format like xyz.jpg
the program may not work accordingly.
To fix that simply also edit line 7 in savepaster.vbs
to replace x.png with your desired filename.

Location.txt?
Location.txt contains the address location 
of the place where you want to store the image
should have no spaces
and should be preferably small (in length).

No Need to input every time. image will be overwritten.

Troubleshoot?
Since its automated key sequence, 
there are delays between keypresses.
If by any chance program doesn't work properly 
it could be due to difference in speeds of read/write of your computer.
Thus, you could iterate these delays yourself to match the speed of your computer.

I tried to include comments in code which can be removed of course
and code can be considerably shortened.

I hope this helps & If you face any problem dm..

Version Timeline:
In version 1 clipboard to image.png. (done)
       - version 1.8 same but much more neat. (stable)
In version 2 I will hope to create random variable for image saved so that image saved is not overwritten.
       - version 2.1 did some testing to remove existing bugs. improved speed.
       - version 2.2 replaced if statements with choice so program proceeds even without user input. (stable)
       - version 2.5 Added feature to write last filename to textfile but commented it out to reduce diskwrites for average user. might remove it in version 3
Future
In version 3 I hope to be able to automate copying images from browser and saving multiple images without intervention easily.
